REL: v1.1.0 (#469)
RocketPy-Team/RocketPy: README.md

## Running Your First Simulation

> In order to run your first rocket trajectory simulation using RocketPy, you can start a Jupyter Notebook and navigate to the `docs/notebooks` folder. Open `getting_started.ipynb` and you are ready to go. We recommend you reading the [First Simulation](https://docs.rocketpy.org/en/latest/user/first_simulation.html) page to get a complete description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to run your first rocket trajectory simulation using RocketPy, you can start a Jupyter Notebook and navigate to the `docs/notebooks` folder. Open `getting_started.ipynb` and you are ready to go. We recommend that you read the [First Simulation](https://docs.rocketpy.org/en/latest/user/first_simulation.html) page to get a complete description.
```
